CC-35775 Remove obsolete CI jobs. (#1774)
spryker-shop/suite: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

###### Change log

{Relevant changes for project level go here. Those will be copied to the release log for suite if necessary.}

> Read about [labels usage](https://spryker.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/Framework/pages/4715216905/Using+PR+labels+to+control+CI+runs+for+project+repositories)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###### CI Notice
Tests do **not** run automatically on every PR.  
To trigger the required test suites, please add the appropriate label(s) to your PR.  
For the full list of labels and their associated tests, see our Confluence page: [CI Test Labels & Triggers](https://spryker.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/Framework/pages/4715216905/Using+PR+labels+to+control+CI+runs+for+project+repositories)
```
